README.md, before:

[![tensquared Poster](/Posters/poster_500x707px_compressed.png)](#)

The 2D puzzle platformer **tensquared** was made in Unity for the *8-bit Bauhaus* study project in the summer semester of 2019 at the *Bauhaus University Weimar*. The project was started to create a number of Bauhaus-themed games in order to celebrate 100 years of Bauhaus.

See the [documentation](/Documentation/Documentation.md) for more information.

The game is currently in *live development*. You can download the project up to the newest commit, or select one of the releases. You can play it in the Unity editor or build it. The game in its newest version requires **Unity version 2019.1.4f1**. A newer version than that should work fine as well, probably.

## Summary

A lonely circle wakes up somewhere in nowhere, not knowing who it is, how it got there, and with no idea of where to go from now on. However, it doesn't take long for it to come into contact with a strange robot. The metal giant helps out it out, guides it, and together, they discover the peculiar abilities of the circle. It can morph its body into other geometric forms. The robot is intrigued and asks for help to find some missing parts of its body that it had lost. Together, they go on a journey to recover these parts. And all would have been well if there wasn't something slightly off about the whole situation.

## Download Game

You can find the download link for the newest playable release of the game (Windows) under the *Releases* tab. Or you can just simply click on the *Download* button below.

[![Download the game](/Documentation/Images/download_button.png)](https://github.com/riti1867/tensquared/releases/download/v6.1/build.zip)

## What is Bauhaus?

[![Bauhaus Logo](/Documentation/Images/bauhaus_logo_large.png)](#)

The Bauhaus was originally a German art school founded in Weimar by Walter Gropius, being operational from 1919 to 1933. Later, new schools in two German cities, Dessau and Berlin, were founded. Today, upholding modernism, rationality and functionality, the Bauhaus lives on as a way of design in art, architecture and industrial design.

## Links
- [Documentation](/Documentation/Documentation.md)
- [Credits](/Documentation/Credits.md)

Commit message:

added screenshots to the documentation

README.md, after:

[![Screenshot of the main menu of the game tensquared, depicting the sky, the sun, hills, trees and a factory in the background.](/Documentation/Screenshots/screenshot_main_menu.png)](#)

# tensquared

The 2D puzzle platformer **tensquared** was made in Unity for the *8-bit Bauhaus* study project in the summer semester of 2019 at the *Bauhaus University Weimar*. The project was started to create a number of Bauhaus-themed games in order to celebrate 100 years of Bauhaus.

See the [documentation](/Documentation/Documentation.md) for more information.

The game is currently in *live development*. You can download the project up to the newest commit, or select one of the releases. You can play it in the Unity editor or build it. The game in its newest version requires **Unity version 2019.1.4f1**. A newer version than that should work fine as well, probably.

## Summary

A lonely circle wakes up somewhere in nowhere, not knowing who it is, how it got there, and with no idea of where to go from now on. However, it doesn't take long for it to come into contact with a strange robot. The metal giant helps out it out, guides it, and together, they discover the peculiar abilities of the circle. It can morph its body into other geometric forms. The robot is intrigued and asks for help to find some missing parts of its body that it had lost. Together, they go on a journey to recover these parts. And all would have been well if there wasn't something slightly off about the whole situation.

## Download Game

You can find the download link for the newest playable release of the game (Windows) under the *Releases* tab. Or you can just simply click on the *Download* button below.

[![Download the game](/Documentation/Images/download_button.png)](https://github.com/riti1867/tensquared/releases/download/v6.1/build.zip)

## What is Bauhaus?

[![Bauhaus Logo](/Documentation/Images/bauhaus_logo_large.png)](#)

The Bauhaus was originally a German art school founded in Weimar by Walter Gropius, being operational from 1919 to 1933. Later, new schools in two German cities, Dessau and Berlin, were founded. Today, upholding modernism, rationality and functionality, the Bauhaus lives on as a way of design in art, architecture and industrial design.

## Links
- [Documentation](/Documentation/Documentation.md)
- [Screenshots](/Documentation/Screenshots/)
- [Credits](/Documentation/Credits.md)
